Add filter expressions to subscriptions (#207)
mercadona/rele: docs/guides/filters.rst

==================

Filter can be used to execute a subscription with specific parameters.

> There's three types of filters, global, by passing a filter_by parameter in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three types of filters, global, by passing a filter_by parameter in the
```

        print(f'Received a photo of type {kwargs.get("type")}')

> `filter_expression` parameter

Reviewer 2: I wonder whether we should be calling this `filter_expression`. We are exploring asyncapi compatible naming for things like payload and attributes. This means staying away from gcloud specific naming. So instead we could name it `cloud_filter_by`

Author: I'd like something more like `backend_filter_by` as we can implement more backends in the future and it is a naming well established.

Reviewer 2: mmm, my mind was thinking more in `local_filter` vs `cloud_filter`. However if we think about a redis or rabbitmq broker, "cloud" wouldn't make sense. What about `broker_filter_by`?
